Mention the example directory from the main docs page (#302)
honeycombio/terraform-provider-honeycombio: docs/index.md

}
```

> More advanced examples may be found in the [example directory](/example/).

Reviewer: As this is most commonly viewed on the [Terraform Registry listing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/honeycombio/honeycombio/latest/docs), I think this will need to be a direct link
```suggestion
More advanced examples can be found in the [example directory](https://github.com/honeycombio/terraform-provider-honeycombio/tree/main/example).
```

Author: A fair point, that was my first iteration and then I tried to be clever 🙂
